profile/README.md, before:

# Tom At Solihull
👋 Welcome! This is a place for me, [@itsmeimtom](https://github.com/itsmeimtom), to organise work undertaken while studying a [BTEC Nationals Level 3 Extended Diploma in IT](https://qualifications.pearson.com/en/qualifications/btec-nationals/it-2010.html), Networking and System Support (what a mouthful!) at [Solihull College](https://solihull.ac.uk).  
All work and content here was created and completed between September 2021 and Early May 2023.

## Start Here
- [**📚 Assignments**](https://github.com/tomatsolihull/assignments)  
   An organised collection of all my finished assignment work. Also includes links to projects relating to specific units and assignments. See also: [my assignment tracker built with Notion](https://github.com/tomatsolihull/notion-assignment-tracker/blob/master/README.md)
- [**📝 Notes**](https://github.com/tomatsolihull/notes)  
   My [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) notebook covering many topics covered in the qualification. I didn't end up taking as many notes as I had perhaps expected to.

> ⚠️  
   If some links above don't work, check back after July 2023; I plan to make as much as possible public when I graduate.  
   In the meantime, you can [explore](https://github.com/orgs/tomatsolihull/repositories) the rest of the projects in the organisation.

## See Also
You may also be interested in my classmate [George](https://github.com/gxorge)'s work, available [here](https://github.com/georgeatsolihull). Mine is obviously better though.

My GitHub account is [@itsmeimtom](https://github.com/itsmeimtom). You can find more information about me on [my website](https://thomasr.me).

## Thanks
A special thanks goes out to my lovely classmates—too many to list here—as well as Solihull's excellent tutors, both pastoral and in Computing: Neil, Chris, James, Noreen, Mike, and Shaista.

Commit message:

finished course so remove disclaimer and add final grade
Signed-off-by: Thomas R. <git@tomr.me>

profile/README.md, after:

# Tom At Solihull
👋 Welcome! This is a place for me, [@itsmeimtom](https://github.com/itsmeimtom), to organise work undertaken while studying a [BTEC Nationals Level 3 Extended Diploma in IT](https://qualifications.pearson.com/en/qualifications/btec-nationals/it-2010.html), Networking and System Support (what a mouthful!) at [Solihull College](https://solihull.ac.uk).  
All work and content here was created and completed between September 2021 and Early May 2023. As of August 2023, I [completed](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/activity-7094610708809531392-QxMc) this course with the top grade of Distinction\*Distinction\*Distinction\*.

## Start Here
- [**📚 Assignments**](https://github.com/tomatsolihull/assignments)  
   An organised collection of all my finished assignment work. Also includes links to projects relating to specific units and assignments. See also: [my assignment tracker built with Notion](https://github.com/tomatsolihull/notion-assignment-tracker/blob/master/README.md)
- [**📝 Notes**](https://github.com/tomatsolihull/notes)  
   My [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) notebook covering many topics covered in the qualification. I didn't end up taking as many notes as I had perhaps expected to.

## See Also
You may also be interested in my classmate [George](https://github.com/gxorge)'s work, available [here](https://github.com/georgeatsolihull). Mine is obviously better though.

My GitHub account is [@itsmeimtom](https://github.com/itsmeimtom). You can find more information about me on [my website](https://thomasr.me).

## Thanks
A special thanks goes out to my lovely classmates—too many to list here—as well as Solihull's excellent tutors, both pastoral and in Computing: Neil, Chris, James, Noreen, Mike, and Shaista.
